Demonstrates a small SOME/IP Service Discovery network.
After the service discovery publishers send messages to their subscribers.

- The small network contains the three hosts: node1, node2, node3

- Next to that there is one switch that connects every node with each other.
  So all hosts can communicate with each other over the switch.

- node1 provides one publisher service.

- node2 provides one subscriber that subscribes the publisher service on node1.

- node3 provides one publisher service and one subscriber.
  The subscriber on node3 subscribes the publisher service on node3.
  
- the network implements various testcases which are numbered according to the table in "testcases.png"
1.	Case: The service request was repeated by the ECU - the offering node was not ready/has not responded yet.
	Controller's Response: The service request will be rebroadcasted.
2.	Case: A request entry is deleted when answered. Therefore, this case cannot occur.
	Controller's Response: Service offering would be rebroadcasted.
3.	Case: See Case 1, service request was repeated - the offering node of this specific InstanceID was not ready/has not responded yet.
	Controller's Response: The service request will be rebroadcasted.
4.	Case: The service request was initially sent by the ECU - the offering node has not yet offered its services.
	Controller's Response: Service request will be broadcasted, and the service request will be saved as a request.
5. 	Case: The service request was initially sent by the ECU - the offering node has already offered its services.
	Controller's Response: Service offering will be sent, and the service request will be discarded.
6.	Case: The service request was initially sent by the ECU - the offering node of the specific InstanceID has not yet offered its services.
	Controller's Response: Service request will be broadcasted, and the service request will be saved as a request.
7. 	Case: A service offering was sent in response to a service request.
	Controller's Response: Service offering will be stored in the ServiceTable, and requests will be answered and then deleted.
8.	Case: See Cases 2 and 7 - A service offering is entered in the ServiceTable, requests are answered and deleted, so there should be no requests for known services.
	Controller's Response: Service offering would be stored in the ServiceTable, and requests would be answered and then deleted.
9.	Case: A service offering with a specific InstanceID was sent in response to a service request.
	Controller's Response: Service offering will be stored in the ServiceTable, and requests will be answered and then deleted.
10.	Case: A service offering was initially broadcasted.
	Controller's Response: Service offering will be stored in the ServiceTable and broadcasted.
11.	Case: A service offering was repeatedly sent.
	Controller's Response: Service offering will be updated in the ServiceTable and broadcasted.
12.	Case: A service offering of a previously unknown InstanceID was initially broadcasted.
	Controller's Response: Service offering will be stored in the ServiceTable and broadcasted.
	